# Vintage Story mods

This repository contains the source code for my mods
Downloads are available on VS ModDB.

--------

I've wanted to learn this sort of stuff for a long time. This game peaked my interest, so I have to get into it.

Now that I've released a "functional" version of Shrub Overhaul which is a very simple config with path and file references, I realized that -
- I had to expand my knowledge in order to realize the full potential of my vision for this mod. 

My next steps will be to learn visual studio, reading documentations and making the mod happen in professional language.
I realize that I'm a complete noob to this, so I'll be realistic in my approach and make sure to test everything thoroughly. 

--------

Context on runtime injection mod Shrub Overhaul 1.0.4:

I've sticked my head into some code before, but this time I've actually made some real change.

I've reverse engineered worldgen behaviour, decompiled code, scanned (a LOT) and located the correct targets, 
tested a massive amount of broken builds, rummaged through logs finding many failures, 
identified crashes, controlled my scope and built the architecture. 

--------

Next version - Shrub Overhaul: 
Implementation of tree branch behaviour.
Test values. Improve behaviour.
Further research into world generation.

--------

Strata Overhaul concept:

Before getting into all this code, I wrote a .json patch mod for rock strata. Although it strays apart from the original realism,
I believe more users would appreciate what I have to contribute. This mod is based on my idea of how rock strata can form in this this game and is not realistic by any means -
- the idea is purely based on achieving satisfying gameplay.

Real world "rock strata" isnt easy to reproduce in a game like this, and I am going to have to spend a lot more time considering how I want strata generation to behave for my mod. 
For now, the concept is thicker metamorphic and sedimentary layers and lower igneous layers (except for some provinces).
Many users don't have endless amounts of time and energy for travelling tens and hundreds of hours to achieve results.
With this mod I want to enable users to compress their time spent and still scratch the same itch of achieving goals, without losing track of how the game truly works.

--------
